Playmode scenarios documentation (#1322)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: mppm/troubleshoot/play-mode-scenario-troubleshoot.md

---
id: play-mode-scenario-troubleshoot
title: Troubleshoot a test build
description: Learn about errors that can happen when you build a play mode scenario
---

> To troubleshoot an Error that appears when you enter Play Mode, refer to the Error message that appears in the console window. You can also open the [play mode scenario status dropdown](LINK) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot an error that appears when you enter Play Mode, refer to the error message that appears in the console window. You can also open the [Play Mode scenario status dropdown](play-mode-scenario-dropdown-reference.md) for more information.
```

To fix the error **Build profile needs to match the current platform**: 
1. Open the Build Profile window ( **File** > **Build Profiles**). 
2. In the **Platforms** list, select the platform that matches the platform that the Unity Editor is running on.

## Additional resources
* [Play Mode Scenarios requirements and limitations](play-mode-scenario-req.md)
* [Play Mode scenario window reference](play-mode-scenario-window-reference.md)

> * [Unity Game Service (UGS) Game Server Hosting (Multiplay)](https://docs.unity.com/ugs/en-us/manual/game-server-hosting/manual/welcome-to-multiplay)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Unity Gaming Services (UGS) Multiplay Hosting](https://docs.unity.com/ugs/en-us/manual/game-server-hosting/manual/welcome-to-multiplay)
```
